So just to spare you the trouble of actually doing this, I just calculated how many feet are there
in one point five meters.
So I just converted one point five meters to number of feet, four point ninety feet, and then I have
zero point ninety feet.
I know what that really means.
So let's convert that point ninety feet into a number of inches and we have 11 inches.
So in other words, we actually have one point five meters is equal to four feet, 11 inches.
And that's where I'm actually just going to be using to conduct an experiment.
I going to be dropping a book six times from this height.
And I'm just going to be noting the times for each one of these drops.